
Solutions Resources 




Made For The Market 
BuyChain is the end-to-end supply chain management software built for the LBM industry. We unify and mobilize your sales, inventory, and banking so that you can meet the demands of an increasingly volatile market. 


Manage volatility and reduce risk 
We have married technology with customer service in a way that has not previously existed in our industry. The BuyChain system eliminates longtime, industry-wide constraints on profitability and growth with the tools, control, and data you need to gain a competitive edge. 
. Operations 
BuyChain’s end-to-end platform connects and informs every aspect of your business. The system digitizes your operations, facilitates communication between departments and provides a holistic view of the entire enterprise. 
Popular Features 
. 
ERP (ENTERPRISE RESOURCE PLANNING) . CRM (CUSTOMER RELATIONSHIP MANAGEMENT) 







M s e Constrained capital is continual drag on growth. BuyChain Capital offers Bank Integration, Electronic Invoicing, Digital Payments, Working Capital, and AI Driven Risk Management. 
BuyChain helps your team conduct business faster, easier, and smarter. Our powerful Operations software is like five systems in one. BuyChain integrates the functionalities of your ERP, CRM, TSM, and eCommerce into one single source of truth. Rather than a scattered siloed tool stack that leaves you jumping from system to system searching for answers, BuyChain consolidate and visualizes all of your company's critical data in real-time. 



. . . . . 

"A testimonial quote will goright here!" 
Firstname Lastname 
JoTitle 

e u e o e s t s e t ? We believe that your operational software should be a catalyst for growth not the constraint. It's no secret that the LBM industry is fast paced, high volume, and low margin. In order to stay ahead of your competitors and market shifts you need to be able to buy and sell faster and smarter than the other guy. 
Buy 


With BuyChain you can buy better. Our system gives your team greater insight into the market and current inventory, so that you can buy the right stuff at the right time. This means that you can increase your profit margin and gain a competitive edge over your competitor. 
Manage 
Digitize your business and manage more with real-time data. BuyChain makes it easy for your team to get the answers they need when they need it. No more internal cross-checking. Fewer write-offs and errors. Quick and painless automated reporting. We help your team dramatically cut down on administrivia ­leaving more time for sales and growth. 
Sell 
Reduces order cycle times from days to seconds. BuyChain removes the human dependencies that slow down sales. Our customers estimate that selling with BuyChain is more than 20x faster than legacy systems. With our unified and self-service solution your sales revenue can dramatically grow without the need for sales team expansion. 
Replace yourhammer with a nail gun. 
Give your team the tools they need to build and grow the business. Our software solutions can help your LBM company combat volatility and gain a competitive edge. 

Your Growth Partners 

We believe that one of the biggest gaps in the market is meaningful customer service. Requests for support go unanswered. Product upgrades and improvements are few and far between. Customer service with a set and forget mentality. We think this is unacceptable and yet these experiences are all too common complaints. 
BuyChain promises to be your growth partner. We're here to answer your calls, build the features you want, and grow alongside with you. Our pricing model is usage based -meaning we grow when you grow. 

Recent Posts 



Solutions  Resources  About Us  Legal  
Operations  Data Dashboard  FAQs  Security Statement  
Capital  News Room  Security  Terms & Conditions  
Events  Get In Touch  Privacy Policy  
Suppliers  How To Guides  Our Team  Cookie Statement  
All Rights Reserved Copyright © 2023  Distributors Retailers  Customer Support Investor Relations  Careers  

Cookie Statement 


